Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79245
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Interior Component Designer
JR-51500
Publicerad den 28 apr 2026 av
Ework Group AB
Roll
Interior Designer
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
20 maj 2026
30 nov 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
08 maj 2026 23:59 (4 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client we're looking for a Interior Component Designer

﻿

Description of the assignment
We're are looking for a Senior Component Designer responsible for the design and development of high-quality interior components that define Lynk & Co's next-generation user experience. This role focuses on delivering tactile, visually refined, and production-feasible components that contribute to a cohesive and emotionally engaging interior environment.
Working at the intersection of design, engineering, and user experience, the Interior Component Designer will translate design intent into detailed, production-ready solutions ensuring each component reflects Lynk & Co's progressive, human-centric design DNA.

Qualifications and skills required for the role
E.g. degrees, years of experience, competencies needed
* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Transportation Design, Industrial Design, or a related field.
* Experience within an Automotive OEM or supplier environment.
* Demonstrated ability to deliver production-ready component designs.
* Strong sketching and visualization skills to communicate design intent.
* Proficiency in 3D modeling and visualization tools (Alias, Blender, Photoshop, VRED).
* Solid understanding of ergonomics, materials, and manufacturing processes.
* Ability to balance aesthetics, function, and feasibility in component design.

The assignment includes travel:
☒ Yes ☐ No

The assignment includes On-Call Duty:
☐ Yes ☒ No

Please attach a portfolio for the consultant.

﻿

We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part.

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Automotive OEM experience
Sketching and visualization
Production-ready design
Transportation Design
Materials understanding
Manufacturing Processes
3D modeling tools
Ergonomics knowledge
Industrial design
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Ework Group AB
Publicerat datum
28 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
HL
Hannah Larsson
hannah.larsson@eworkgroup.com
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Ework Group Sweden
Ework Group is a market-leading and independent competence provider operating in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. We are bridging the gap between competence and assignments. Through a vast portfolio of service and product solutions, we make competence accessible to companies, as well as assignments accessible to professionals, in order to contribute to a more dynamic, well-functioning and future proof competence market. Ework Group was founded in Sweden in 2000 and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. We have framework agreements with over 170 leading organizations in both the private and public sector, and over 11,000 consultants on assignment. Consultant suppliers of all sizes use Ework as a vital source of assignment on a daily basis to boost their business. From the freelancer searching for the next assignment to advance the career, to the largest consultant firms looking to complement their own customer portfolio with a steady stream of assignments for their employees. As an independent competence provider we nurture the relationship with our clients and become experts in their business, culture and competence needs. We manage the whole recruitment process and source the consultants for our clients from the open market by posting the assignments publicly on Verama. Unbiased, we match the most suitable candidates based on competence, experience and personality fit, in relation to fair market rates. Ework make it easy for you find, sign, work and get paid on a contract. You will get support from our highly dedicated employees, all the way from the recruitment process, during the assignment and the transition into the next project. With efficient and digital processes and add-on services such as pre-payment, you will not find a more convenient way of working B2B.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
Interior Component Designer
Gothenburg (SE)
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
DevOps Engineer - AWS
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Senior DevOps / SRE Engineer
Gothenburg (SE)
Total Reward Expert
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
