Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79243
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
HR Business Partner
JR-51496
Publicerad den 28 apr 2026 av
Ework Group AB
Roll
HRBP
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
20%
Uppdragsperiod
01 jun 2026
31 maj 2027
Ansökningstiden löper ut
04 maj 2026 23:59
Uppdragsbeskrivning

We looking for a HRBP to our client to provide expert HR support and guidance. 

A key requirement is strong experience in coaching and leadership development. The consultant will support the design, implementation, and delivery of a coaching program as an HR-led initiative, helping to strengthen leadership capability and embed a coaching culture across the organization. There is potential for the assignment to transition into a permanent position.

The role:
The HR Business Partner (HRBP) is responsible for aligning HR strategies with business objectives and enabling a high-performing and engaged workforce. The role partners closely with business leaders to drive HR initiatives that support organizational performance, capability building, and employee development.
The HRBP supports ongoing development and transformation by working closely with leaders and employees to implement initiatives in a structured, transparent, and people-centric way. The role focuses on leadership support, communication, and enabling managers to navigate complex people-related situations. It also contributes to strengthening and developing the HR function to ensure high effectiveness and impact.
The HRBP acts as a trusted advisor to leaders, providing coaching and guidance to strengthen leadership capability and foster a culture of accountability, engagement, and performance.

Lead & Drive:
- Oversee and execute core HR processes such as performance management, talent reviews, succession planning, and employee development.

Partner & Advise:
- Act as a trusted advisor to leaders on organizational design, workforce planning, team performance, and engagement.

Analyze & Optimize:
- Leverage HR data and analytics to generate insights that inform strategic decisions and improve HR effectiveness.

Coach & Develop Leaders:
- Support the design, implementation, and delivery of coaching initiatives, frameworks, or programs as an HR-led initiative, helping to strengthen leadership capability and embed a coaching culture across the organization.

Requirements:
- Minimum of 8-10 years of broad HR experience.
- Demonstrated experience in general HRBP tasks with a focus on coaching skills.
- Bachelor's or Master's degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, Psychology, or related field, or equivalent experience.
- Proficient in English.

﻿

Time and location:
- Full-time availability starting 2026-06-01, Potential to transition into a permanent role.
- Polestar HQ, Gothenburg, Sweden. Mainly office-based with possibility to work remotely when needed.

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Coaching Program Design
Succession Planning
HR Data Analytics
Workforce Planning
Talent Reviews
Performance Management
leadership coaching
Organizational Design
HR Business Partnering
Employee Development
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Ework Group AB
Publicerat datum
28 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
TD
Therése Danielsen
therese.danielsen@eworkgroup.com
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Ework Group Sweden
Ework Group is a market-leading and independent competence provider operating in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. We are bridging the gap between competence and assignments. Through a vast portfolio of service and product solutions, we make competence accessible to companies, as well as assignments accessible to professionals, in order to contribute to a more dynamic, well-functioning and future proof competence market. Ework Group was founded in Sweden in 2000 and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. We have framework agreements with over 170 leading organizations in both the private and public sector, and over 11,000 consultants on assignment. Consultant suppliers of all sizes use Ework as a vital source of assignment on a daily basis to boost their business. From the freelancer searching for the next assignment to advance the career, to the largest consultant firms looking to complement their own customer portfolio with a steady stream of assignments for their employees. As an independent competence provider we nurture the relationship with our clients and become experts in their business, culture and competence needs. We manage the whole recruitment process and source the consultants for our clients from the open market by posting the assignments publicly on Verama. Unbiased, we match the most suitable candidates based on competence, experience and personality fit, in relation to fair market rates. Ework make it easy for you find, sign, work and get paid on a contract. You will get support from our highly dedicated employees, all the way from the recruitment process, during the assignment and the transition into the next project. With efficient and digital processes and add-on services such as pre-payment, you will not find a more convenient way of working B2B.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
HR Business Partner
Gothenburg (SE)
Design Painter
Gothenburg (SE)
Interior Component Designer
Gothenburg (SE)
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
DevOps Engineer - AWS
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
