Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79322
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Total Reward Expert
JR-51557
Publicerad den 30 apr 2026 av
SKF Sverige AB
Roll
Compensation & Benefits Expert
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
50%
Uppdragsperiod
11 maj 2026
04 nov 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
08 maj 2026 23:59 (4 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

Role/Job title: Total Reward Expert 

Start date: May 2026 

Length of assignment: 6 months, full-time, with a possible extension of 3-6 

months. 

Location: The primary requirement is to fill a position at our client´s Göteborg facility. A 

hybrid work arrangement can be acceptable, with an expected 60/40 split between 

on-site presence and remote work. 

﻿

Assignment description 

As a Total Reward Expert, you will be a core member of the Group Total Reward 

team, contributing to the design, implementation, and governance of global reward 

programs. You will act as a subject matter expert in compensation, benefits, 

recognition, and compliance, advising both HR colleagues and business leaders. 

You will take a leading role in ensuring that our compensation practices are 

competitive, compliant, and aligned with our client´s purpose – to create a more 

sustainable and efficient world through reliable rotation.

﻿

Key Responsibilities: 

Manage and oversee global reward processes, including annual salary reviews, STI/LTI programs, and worldwide recognition initiatives. 
Develop and refine reward policies and guidelines based on market trends, internal analysis, and legal requirements. 
Ensure compliance with local labor laws and EU pay transparency regulations. 
Act as an advisor to HR, managers, and business stakeholders on all aspects of compensation and job architecture. 
Coordinate benchmarking and analytics efforts to maintain market competitiveness and internal equity. 
Deliver training and guidance across the organization to promote awareness and understanding of the reward framework. 
Support reporting requirements including sustainability disclosures, annual report input, and remuneration reports. 

﻿

Requirements: 

A Bachelor's degree in HR, Business, Finance, or a related field (Master's is beneficial). 
Minimum 5 years of experience in Total Rewards, Compensation & Benefits, or a related field in an international setting. 
Proficient in Excel and data visualization tools (Power BI, is a plus). 
Experience working with SuccessFactors and job evaluation methodologies (e.g., IPE). 
Proficiency in English, both written and spoken. 

﻿

Important competence/experience: 

Combining deep technical knowledge with a strategic mindset and a genuine 

passion for people and fairness. Understand the big picture of business strategy yet 

knowing that it’s the detail that ensures quality in reward. 

A trusted and motivated professional with experienced business acumen and 

structured thinking, an engaging contributor who works effectively in a global context 

filled with challenges and an effective communicator who can simplify complex 

reward topics and facilitate decision-making at all levels. 

﻿

Please note! We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

﻿

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part. Read more on below link.

Nödvändiga färdigheter
PowerBI
Labour Law
Total Rewards
STI/LTI programs
Compensation & Benefits
Excel
SuccessFactors
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
SKF Sverige AB
Publicerat datum
30 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
LE
Linus Eckebrant
linus.eckebrant@eworkgroup.com
Inköpsprocessen hanteras av Ework Group AB
SE556587870801
Ework Group AB
This request is managed by Ework Group, on behalf of the client. Applications should be sent to Ework Group by applying to this job ad only. Ework Group will handle all applications, questions about the requests and presentations of selected candidates to the client. Ework Group will be the contractual part towards both the supplier and the client and will be responsible for all correspondence regarding the contract; including terms and conditions.
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
SKF Group
What started with the invention of the self-aligning bearing in 1907 has now evolved into something much more! Our products enable rotation. Machinery, cars, airplane engines, even household products - anywhere there are parts that rotate, our solutions can be found! As the world moves swiftly into an age of digitalization, so are we. With sensorized bearings, condition monitoring, and connected factories - SKF offers exciting opportunities and challenges - whatever your area of expertise.There’s a lot we all take for granted. We’re counting on trams, subway trains and buses to take us through our cities safely and sustainably. We trust water treatment facilities to supply us with fresh water, and the food industry to safeguard us from allergens and bacteria. We expect wind farms to keep our lights on, and cars to be electric. There are a million other every day needs to satisfy – and a planet to take care of. In a world shaped by population growth, urbanization, digitalization and environmental concerns, industrial reality is the true challenge. And that’s exactly where we at SKF want to be. Right at the center, providing reliable rotation for the real world. Our expertise is built on the development, design and manufacture of bearings, seals and lubrication systems. And we also provide machine health assessment, engineering and remanufacturing services. But what we’re really offering is an arena for innovation – an opportunity for our customers to use the tools we provide to explore, improve or rethink the performance of their rotating equipment. A place where even the smallest adjustment can make a big difference. We have been around for more than a century and are 40 000 + Employees.Why choose SKF as a consultant?We offer a stimulating international work environment, where you will be a part of a diverse workforce where you get to face exciting challenges and varied tasks. You will belong to an environment where Teamwork, High Ethics, Empowerment, and Openness are our Core Values. At SKF you will work close with the business stakeholders and will deliver value by using the latest technologies and products.What do you value in consultants/looking for?Our consultants are self-motivated, have fun, with a future-thinking attitude and an action-oriented mind-set with high sense of personal accountability. You have a willingness to learn and support others to learn.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
Total Reward Expert
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Teknikstöd och applikationskonsulter Unit4
Gothenburg (SE)
Function Developer - EATS & Combustion
Aurobay Sweden AB
Gothenburg (SE)
AI Act compliance professional - Automotive
Gothenburg (SE)
Telematics Service platform Incident Manager
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
