Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79388
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Basic Software Engineer
JR-51606
Publicerad den 04 maj 2026 av
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Roll
Embedded Software Engineer
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
11 maj 2026
30 sep 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
15 maj 2026 23:59 (11 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client we are looking for a Basic Software Engineer.

﻿

Assignment description:

Design and develop complex platform software (low level and middleware) for powertrain electronic control units, from prototype to production
Software development across the full product development lifecycle, including prototyping, requirements definition, architectural and detailed design, estimation, implementation, unit-testing, integration testing, documentation, design and code reviews.
Implement software based on AUTOSAR architecture for electronic controls units
Provide design, development, and debug support for integrating individual functions into the control unit
Be responsible for development of highly reliable and critical electric vehicle components

﻿

Skill requirements:

Knowledgeable in SW versioning systems (SVN, git)
Experience of leading a scrum team
Experience in one of the programming languages C/C++
Knowledgeable in issue, configuration and test management solutions
Hands-on experience with on-chip debugging tools and troubleshooting both software and hardware
Excellent Embedded C language skills– including compiler and linker 
Knowledge of OS coding techniques, communication protocols (UART, CAN, SPI, LIN), hardware interfaces and subsystems
Knowledge and development of low-level drivers for microcontroller peripherals: DI, DO, ADC, DAC, Timer, PWM, DMA, Watchdog, etc.
Agile SW development skills (Scrum/Kanban)
Clear in communication and teamwork

﻿

Please note! We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

﻿

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part. Read more on below link.

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Agile
SW versioning systems
Communication Protocols
Prototyping
Subsystems
OS coding
Powertrain
C/C++
Autosar
Hardware Interfaces
Test Management
microcontroller peripherals
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Publicerat datum
04 maj 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
GG
Gentiana Gashi-Rojas
gentiana.gashi-rojas@eworkgroup.com
Inköpsprocessen hanteras av Ework Group AB
SE556587870801
Ework Group AB
This request is managed by Ework Group, on behalf of the client. Applications should be sent to Ework Group by applying to this job ad only. Ework Group will handle all applications, questions about the requests and presentations of selected candidates to the client. Ework Group will be the contractual part towards both the supplier and the client and will be responsible for all correspondence regarding the contract; including terms and conditions.
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,7 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
InfiMotion Technology
Infinite Motion for a Sustainable FutureInfiMotion Technology is a leading provider of high-performance Electric Drive Units (EDUs) for electric and hybrid vehicles. We are committed to driving the future of sustainable mobility by offering comprehensive solutions, from components to software. With nearly two decades of experience, InfiMotion has delivered millions of EDUs worldwide, including significant shipments to Western Europe. Our commitment to innovation is evident in our latest achievement: the industry’s first high-performance 800V EDU.Our green factory harnesses solar power, eliminates industrial wastewater discharge, and strives for zero carbon emissions. We actively support supply chain decarbonization by adopting green logistics practices and designing sustainable products.Our core values: Innovation, Agility, Reliability. We are committed to create value for our customers and contribute to a sustainable and environtmental friendly world.Our Mission: Empowering a Greener Future Through Innovative Electric Drive Solutions.Our Expertise: With nearly two decades of experience, our dedicated team has delivered over millions drivetrain units, including significant shipments to Western Europe. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Wuxi, China, produces cutting-edge technology, including the industry's first 800V EDU.Our Global Reach: Our global footprint extends across key regions:Headquarters: Wuxi, ChinaR&D Centers: Gothenburg, Sweden; Wuxi, Ningbo, and Shanghai, ChinaOur Culture: At InfiMotion, we believe in fostering a culture of innovation and empowerment. We empower our employees to think freely, take risks, and drive groundbreaking advancements.Join Our Journey: Be part of a team that is shaping the future of electric mobility. Explore exciting opportunities and contribute to a sustainable tomorrow.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
Basic Software Engineer
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Diagnostic SW Product Owner - Inverters
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Samverkansledare för separeringsprojekt i Majorna
Gothenburg (SE)
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
DevOps Engineer - AWS
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
