Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79317
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Solution Architect
JR-51530
Publicerad den 30 apr 2026 av
Ework Group AB
Roll
IT Solution Architect
Senioritetsnivå
Expert
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
08 jun 2026
31 dec 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
07 maj 2026 23:59 (3 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client, we are looking for a Solution Architect.

﻿

Main responsibilities:

• Work closely with Product Owners, Business Analysts, Solution Architects, Software Engineers and Enterprise Architects during early product phases to drive and specify architectural solutions.

• Produce design artifacts including high-level and detailed design documents, database schemas, and system workflows.

• Ensure security aspects are incorporated in proposed architectural solutions.

• Communicate solutions to developers and clarify requirements by working with the Business Analysts and other stakeholders.

• Assure technical solutions are made part of the long-term strategic development plan.

• Proactively driving the adoption of AI and emerging technologies within the domain.

• Your responsibilities can also include leading cross functional teams within architecture.

• Responsible for defining and championing the domain vision and jointly owning the domain roadmap in close collaboration with Product Owners.

﻿

Who are you?

You have a broad architectural knowledge in the connectivity area. You have a proven record of working with stakeholders internally as well as on the business side to discuss and understand the needs and translate them into technical solutions. Also, you have a broad experience and knowledge of software development and delivery of services. We also believe you have experience from leading change in WoW related to frameworks and methods in the architecture area.

Required skills:

• 10+ years of IT experience, whereof 5+ years as a Solution Architect or similar

• Proven leadership skills as lead architect

• Experience from Agile, SAFe, DevSecOps

• Experience from working with Telematics/Connectivity technologies

• Experience of Microservices architecture

• Experience in designing high load applications and performance optimization

• Knowledge of computer networks

• Knowledge of Java, Spring Boot, JMS, Linux, relational and NoSQL databases

• Knowledge of cloud technologies, preferably AWS and/or Azure, serverless technologies

Education Required

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge skills and abilities.

﻿

What’s in it for you?

You will be part of a highly motivated and multi-cultural team that creates great results through awesome people with deep skills. We believe that teamwork is the key to success, and we have a culture where people love to support and help each other.

﻿

﻿

PLEASE NOTE!

Our client require that an adequate background check has been completed prior to the start of this assignment. Ework offer to conduct the necessary background check for a fee. Reach out to your Ework contact for more information if interested. Please see more information below.

REGARDING NECESSARY BACKGROUND CHECKS:

You, the supplier, must conduct a background check as soon as possible after the candidate has been chosen for the assignment. Please contact Ework ASAP if you want us to perform the check on your behalf, for a fee.

As a part of the contract signature, you, the supplier, will also sign a ‘SELF-DECLARATION FORM’ confirming all requested Background Checks are completed. If you/your consultant is selected for the assignment, you are responsible to ensure the background check is completed before signing a contract.

Our client reserves the right to request evidence of completion of these checks according to their expectations for the duration of the contingent worker assignment.

If any deviations or discrepancies occur, the supplier should inform Ework and the candidate should not be moving forward in the procurement process.

Any supplier awarded an assignment with our client needs to, at least, perform checks on:

• Identity verification 

• Right-to-work confirmation 

• Address verification (covering approximately the last 10 years)

• Education verification (highest relevant degree or certification)

• Financial fitness (e.g., history of bankruptcy or significant debts)

• Corporate directorship review (where applicable)

• Criminal record check in accordance with local legislation

• Basic open-source / media review (including social media)

﻿

Please note! We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part. Read more on below link.https://knowledge.eworkgroup.com/payexpress-get-paid-within-days-not-months

Nödvändiga färdigheter
AWS
SpringBoot
Microservices
Solution Architect
devsecops
Agile
SAFe
Java
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Ework Group AB
Publicerat datum
30 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
FM
Filip Malmgren
filip.malmgren@eworkgroup.com
+46 763019495
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,7 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Ework Group Sweden
Ework Group is a market-leading and independent competence provider operating in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. We are bridging the gap between competence and assignments. Through a vast portfolio of service and product solutions, we make competence accessible to companies, as well as assignments accessible to professionals, in order to contribute to a more dynamic, well-functioning and future proof competence market. Ework Group was founded in Sweden in 2000 and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. We have framework agreements with over 170 leading organizations in both the private and public sector, and over 11,000 consultants on assignment. Consultant suppliers of all sizes use Ework as a vital source of assignment on a daily basis to boost their business. From the freelancer searching for the next assignment to advance the career, to the largest consultant firms looking to complement their own customer portfolio with a steady stream of assignments for their employees. As an independent competence provider we nurture the relationship with our clients and become experts in their business, culture and competence needs. We manage the whole recruitment process and source the consultants for our clients from the open market by posting the assignments publicly on Verama. Unbiased, we match the most suitable candidates based on competence, experience and personality fit, in relation to fair market rates. Ework make it easy for you find, sign, work and get paid on a contract. You will get support from our highly dedicated employees, all the way from the recruitment process, during the assignment and the transition into the next project. With efficient and digital processes and add-on services such as pre-payment, you will not find a more convenient way of working B2B.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Du kanske också gillar
Senior Software Engineer (Python, Java, IaC, AWS)
WirelessCar Sweden AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Senior DevOps / SRE Engineer
Gothenburg (SE)
Azure DevOps specialist (Hyrköp)
Stockholm (SE)
Senast visade
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
DevOps Engineer - AWS
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Senior DevOps / SRE Engineer
Gothenburg (SE)
Total Reward Expert
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Teknikstöd och applikationskonsulter Unit4
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
