Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79237
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
AP/AR Manager
JR-51494
Publicerad den 28 apr 2026 av
Ework Group AB
Roll
Finance Manager
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
01 jun 2026
18 dec 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
08 maj 2026 23:59 (4 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client we are looking for an AP/AR Manager.

This role acts as the responsible manager for AR service owners , AP service owners, AR lead, and SAP Change manager, as well as responsible for the partner (Shared Service Center) concerning SLAs, performance and governance.

Description:
The AP/AR Manager will mainly support the team and give them the coaching needed as well as guidance concerning the cooperation with the Shared Service Center. 

The AP/AR Manager is also the spider in the net concerning improvement projects related to the SSC as well as operational issues that may occur.
The role includes giving a hand operationally if needed, as well as with guidance concerning efficient processes, and accounting principle guiding if needed.

- Ensure a positive and collaborative team environment
- Ensure that Accounts Payable (AP) and Accounts Receivable (AR) processes are executed in a timely manner
- Ensure seamless AP/AR workflows between company entities and the Shared Services Center (SSC)

Requirements
- Good understanding of AR and AP processes and ability to translate them into efficient flows in SAP
- Master's degree in accounting
- Strong knowledge of accounting principles, local GAAP, and IFRS
- Deep knowledge of OtC- and PtP-processes
- Experience of working with Shared Service Centers
- Experience of change management
- Ability to identify process improvements and ensure regulatory compliance

Software and IT
- Excellent knowledge in SAP knowledge of best practices
- 3+ years of hands-on experience working with SAP, including SAP FICO

Personal attributes
- Seniority and drive are a must.
- Experience of leading teams
- Collaboration skills
- Cross cultural communicator
- Strategic thinking
- Solution oriented
- Results orientation
- Structured

﻿

Start date: 2026-06-01 or as mutually agreed 

End date: 2026-12-18 (with the possibility of a 12-month extension, at the same rate)

Location: Gothenburg

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Procure to Pay (PtP) process
Change Management
SAP FICO
Order to Cash (OTC) Process
Shared Service Centers
Accounts Payable processes
Accounting principles
Accounts Receivable processes
Master's degree accounting
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Ework Group AB
Publicerat datum
28 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
Emma Josefsson
emma.josefsson@eworkgroup.com
+46 730824564
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Ework Group Sweden
Ework Group is a market-leading and independent competence provider operating in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. We are bridging the gap between competence and assignments. Through a vast portfolio of service and product solutions, we make competence accessible to companies, as well as assignments accessible to professionals, in order to contribute to a more dynamic, well-functioning and future proof competence market. Ework Group was founded in Sweden in 2000 and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. We have framework agreements with over 170 leading organizations in both the private and public sector, and over 11,000 consultants on assignment. Consultant suppliers of all sizes use Ework as a vital source of assignment on a daily basis to boost their business. From the freelancer searching for the next assignment to advance the career, to the largest consultant firms looking to complement their own customer portfolio with a steady stream of assignments for their employees. As an independent competence provider we nurture the relationship with our clients and become experts in their business, culture and competence needs. We manage the whole recruitment process and source the consultants for our clients from the open market by posting the assignments publicly on Verama. Unbiased, we match the most suitable candidates based on competence, experience and personality fit, in relation to fair market rates. Ework make it easy for you find, sign, work and get paid on a contract. You will get support from our highly dedicated employees, all the way from the recruitment process, during the assignment and the transition into the next project. With efficient and digital processes and add-on services such as pre-payment, you will not find a more convenient way of working B2B.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
AP/AR Manager
Gothenburg (SE)
Clay Modeller
Gothenburg (SE)
HR Business Partner
Gothenburg (SE)
Design Painter
Gothenburg (SE)
Interior Component Designer
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
