Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79212
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Senior Function Developer
JR-51462
Publicerad den 28 apr 2026 av
Aurobay Sweden AB
Roll
Calibration Engineer
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
01 maj 2026
30 apr 2027
Ansökningstiden löper ut
06 maj 2026 23:59 (2 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client Aurobay we are looking for a Senior Function Developer. 

﻿

Aurobay develops and produces world-class hybrid engines and transmissions. With factories on two continents - Sweden and China - we're a pioneering global supplier of propulsion technology, development services and contract manufacturing. The Aurobay brand brings together over 9,000 dedicated and determined people that design, develop, and manufacture next-generation powertrain solutions for a global market.

Aurobay is part of HORSE Powertrain Limited, a global leader in powertrain solutions. The Group has 19,000 employees, 17 plants and 5 R&D centers across three continents. We partner with OEM customers around the world and offer innovative solutions that can cater to up to 80% of the growing hybrid and combustion powertrain market, enabling a faster transition toward cleaner mobility.

At Aurobay, we are committed to diversity and inclusion. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and believe that different perspectives and experiences make for a stronger, more innovative company.

﻿

Assignment description

Senior Function Development Engineer within the Thermal Management and Hydraulics area for xEV powertrains and vehicles. 

﻿

Your main responsibility will be to work with the development and implementation of our new inhouse application software using Embedded Coder instead of TargetLink.

﻿

The work scope within the group includes thermal energy coordination between the different elements of a xEV powertrain and comfort of the passenger compartment. This includes controlling the heating and cooling of the combustion engine, e-machine, transmission, power electronics, battery and cabin. We are responsible for the complete process from requirement breakdown to final calibration in vehicle, which means that the team consists of a mix of calibration engineers and function developers.

﻿

Depending on your background and interest the scope could also include supporting with function development of our current SW and/or calibration and verification activities on engine rig or in vehicle to fulfill the attribute targets of the powertrain and vehicle. You will also support with system design with future products for a variety of applications to different customers.

﻿

Function development work will be carried out mainly from our office at PVV.

Calibration related activities will be performed both from PVV, in vehicle and/or in a test cell. Testing may also be carried out in locations other than Gothenburg and in climates that are not found in the immediate area. 

﻿

Skill requirements

Worked with thermal management on applications with combustion or electrical powertrains
Worked with function development using Simulink, preferably both using TargetLink and Embedded Coder
Driving license
Experience from Calibration of thermal management on applications with comustion or electrical powertrains is a plus
T1/T2 driving license from Hällered is a plus

﻿

﻿

We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

﻿

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part. Read more on below link.

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Driving License
xEV powertrains
Powertrain
Embedded Coder
Simulink
TargetLink
Thermal management
Meriterande färdigheter
T1/T2 test driving
calibration
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Aurobay Sweden AB
Publicerat datum
28 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
LG
Linn Gäfvert
linn.gafvert@eworkgroup.com
+46 708681934
Inköpsprocessen hanteras av Ework Group AB
SE556587870801
Ework Group AB
This request is managed by Ework Group, on behalf of the client. Applications should be sent to Ework Group by applying to this job ad only. Ework Group will handle all applications, questions about the requests and presentations of selected candidates to the client. Ework Group will be the contractual part towards both the supplier and the client and will be responsible for all correspondence regarding the contract; including terms and conditions.
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Aurobay
Aurobay is focused on developing next-generation combustion engines and hybrid solutions – creating a portfolio of sustainable powertrains that will suit the needs of every market and infrastructure. We’re a pioneering global supplier of propulsion technology, development services and contract manufacturing with manufacturing capabilities in two continents. We create high-efficiency, low-emission hybrid engines that already power millions of vehicles. Our goal is to re-imagine motion for the future with powertrain technologies that are both sustainable and practical. Opportunities for outstanding peopleAt Aurobay, there are unlimited possibilities for collaborative people who are ready to make the difference. We’re known for being caring, collaborative people with a global mindset, a passion for innovation and a drive to create excellence. Join us on our journey. We’re looking for consultants across our business, including in engineering, research and development, digital, and business support. You might be helping us with a short-term project or filling in while we find the right permanent employee. Aurobay is a new company, but our combined Volvo-Geely heritage means we’re already a global leader full of experts who want to share their knowledge and develop new ideas with you.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
