Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79391
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Diagnostic SW Product Owner - Inverters
JR-51367
Publicerad den 04 maj 2026 av
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Roll
Diagnostic System Engineer
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
18 maj 2026
01 nov 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
15 maj 2026 23:59 (11 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client we are looking for a Diagnostic SW Product Owner. 

﻿

Assignment description:

Lead / Own Diagnostic field in inverter SW development
Be responsible for the requirements analysis based on OBD legislation, ISO standard, OEM requirements and FMEA
Design the monitor strategy with stable robustness
Compile the diagnostic requirements in sw level and component level
Design the diagnostic architecture combining with the application sw and basic sw
Interact with system engineer, BSW engineer and hardware engineer about the diagnostic function both in China and Sweden
Support in development of unit design
Compile the deliveries as OBD Certification Documents, Fault Handling Specification
Support the diagnostic test plan and test cases
Issue analysis with test team about the diagnostic function validation
Support the interaction between Diagnostic and FuSa

﻿

Requirements

Good knowledge of OBDII, EOBD, J1979, J2012, ISO14229
Good understanding on FMEA/FTA and shall be able to perform diagnostic analysis.
Advanced skills in knowledge transfer and presentations.
Solid understanding of electrified transmissions and electric drive units
Experience in diagnostic work methodology /Audits/ Assessment
Experience in diagnostic monitor design about hybrid transmission
Familiar with AUTOSAR, especially DEM, FIM
Nödvändiga färdigheter
FMEA/FTA
Autosar
Diagnostics
EDU
OBDII, EOBD, J1979, J2012, ISO14229
Transmissions
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Publicerat datum
04 maj 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
GG
Gentiana Gashi-Rojas
gentiana.gashi-rojas@eworkgroup.com
Inköpsprocessen hanteras av Ework Group AB
SE556587870801
Ework Group AB
This request is managed by Ework Group, on behalf of the client. Applications should be sent to Ework Group by applying to this job ad only. Ework Group will handle all applications, questions about the requests and presentations of selected candidates to the client. Ework Group will be the contractual part towards both the supplier and the client and will be responsible for all correspondence regarding the contract; including terms and conditions.
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,7 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
InfiMotion Technology
Infinite Motion for a Sustainable FutureInfiMotion Technology is a leading provider of high-performance Electric Drive Units (EDUs) for electric and hybrid vehicles. We are committed to driving the future of sustainable mobility by offering comprehensive solutions, from components to software. With nearly two decades of experience, InfiMotion has delivered millions of EDUs worldwide, including significant shipments to Western Europe. Our commitment to innovation is evident in our latest achievement: the industry’s first high-performance 800V EDU.Our green factory harnesses solar power, eliminates industrial wastewater discharge, and strives for zero carbon emissions. We actively support supply chain decarbonization by adopting green logistics practices and designing sustainable products.Our core values: Innovation, Agility, Reliability. We are committed to create value for our customers and contribute to a sustainable and environtmental friendly world.Our Mission: Empowering a Greener Future Through Innovative Electric Drive Solutions.Our Expertise: With nearly two decades of experience, our dedicated team has delivered over millions drivetrain units, including significant shipments to Western Europe. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Wuxi, China, produces cutting-edge technology, including the industry's first 800V EDU.Our Global Reach: Our global footprint extends across key regions:Headquarters: Wuxi, ChinaR&D Centers: Gothenburg, Sweden; Wuxi, Ningbo, and Shanghai, ChinaOur Culture: At InfiMotion, we believe in fostering a culture of innovation and empowerment. We empower our employees to think freely, take risks, and drive groundbreaking advancements.Join Our Journey: Be part of a team that is shaping the future of electric mobility. Explore exciting opportunities and contribute to a sustainable tomorrow.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
Diagnostic SW Product Owner - Inverters
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Samverkansledare för separeringsprojekt i Majorna
Gothenburg (SE)
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
DevOps Engineer - AWS
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Function Developer - EATS & Combustion
Aurobay Sweden AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
