Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79348
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
AI Act compliance professional - Automotive
JR-51575
Publicerad den 30 apr 2026 av
Ework Group AB
Roll
AI Governance
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
15 maj 2026
22 jan 2027
Ansökningstiden löper ut
10 maj 2026 23:59 (6 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

We are looking for a AI & Data compliance professional for implementation of AI Act at our client. 

﻿

At the Truck Technology & Industrial (TTI) CDO we are safeguarding quality, compliance, and enhancing data availability and ease of use. We leverage digital technologies to empower our organization with data-driven insights and strategies, ensuring data integrity, security, and accessibility. TTI consist of five value chain functions including end-to-end responsibility for sourcing, development and production and consists of almost 50 000 employees.

﻿

In the Data Governance and Data Compliance team, we are seeking a highly skilled and experienced AI Act compliance professional to join our dynamic team. The team works with different data regulations such as GDPR, EU Data Act and EU AI Act as well as various Data Governance topics. This role is critical in ensuring the organization’s adherence to data protection regulations and in fostering a culture of privacy and accountability across all business functions. You have a proven record of driving successful change initiatives and are skilled in stakeholder management across organizational levels. Fluency in English is essential.

﻿

You will work in a small team to ensure that all AI-related initiatives across the organization comply with the EU AI Act and other relevant regulations. You will work closely with legal, technical, and operational teams to assess risk, implement governance frameworks, and guide ethical AI deployment.

﻿

Key Responsibilities:

Ensure the implementation of AI governance framework in accordance with the EU AI Act.
Develop and implement internal compliance frameworks, policies, and procedures for AI applications.
Interpret and apply the EU AI Act and other global AI regulations to automotive use cases in product development processes.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams (legal, engineering, purchasing, manufacturing, compliance) to ensure systems are transparent, explainable, and compliant.
Develop internal policies and training programs to promote responsible AI use across the organization.
Monitor regulatory changes and advise leadership on strategic implications.

﻿

Qualifications:

Legal and/or engineering degree (LL.M, JD, MSc, or equivalent).
Strong understanding of AI technologies and their regulatory implications.
Proven experience in compliance, legal advisory or governance roles within the automotive industry.
Excellent communication skills and ability to translate complex regulatory requirements into product development requirements.
Project management, Change management and/or Business analyst experience.
Preferred: Experience and knowledge about the EU AI Act.
Fluency in English.

﻿

PLEASE NOTE!

Our client require that an adequate background check has been completed prior to the start of this assignment. Ework offer to conduct the necessary background check for a fee. Reach out to your Ework contact for more information if interested. Please see more information below.

REGARDING NECESSARY BACKGROUND CHECKS:

You, the supplier, must conduct a background check as soon as possible after the candidate has been chosen for the assignment. Please contact Ework ASAP if you want us to perform the check on your behalf, for a fee.

As a part of the contract signature, you, the supplier, will also sign a ‘SELF-DECLARATION FORM’ confirming all requested Background Checks are completed. If you/your consultant is selected for the assignment, you are responsible to ensure the background check is completed before signing a contract.

Our client reserves the right to request evidence of completion of these checks according to their expectations for the duration of the contingent worker assignment.

If any deviations or discrepancies occur, the supplier should inform Ework and the candidate should not be moving forward in the procurement process.

Any supplier awarded an assignment with our client needs to, at least, perform checks on:

Identity verification
Right-to-work confirmation
Address verification (covering approximately the last 10 years)
Education verification (highest relevant degree or certification)
Financial fitness (e.g., history of bankruptcy or significant debts)
Corporate directorship review (where applicable)
Criminal record check in accordance with local legislation
Basic open-source / media review (including social media)

Please note! We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part. Read more on below link. https://knowledge.eworkgroup.com/payexpress-get-paid-within-days-not-months

Nödvändiga färdigheter
AI Governance
Change Management
EU AI Act
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Ework Group AB
Publicerat datum
30 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
NB
Nicholas Berlander
nicholas.berlander@eworkgroup.com
+46 0761041415
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,7 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Ework Group Sweden
Ework Group is a market-leading and independent competence provider operating in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. We are bridging the gap between competence and assignments. Through a vast portfolio of service and product solutions, we make competence accessible to companies, as well as assignments accessible to professionals, in order to contribute to a more dynamic, well-functioning and future proof competence market. Ework Group was founded in Sweden in 2000 and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. We have framework agreements with over 170 leading organizations in both the private and public sector, and over 11,000 consultants on assignment. Consultant suppliers of all sizes use Ework as a vital source of assignment on a daily basis to boost their business. From the freelancer searching for the next assignment to advance the career, to the largest consultant firms looking to complement their own customer portfolio with a steady stream of assignments for their employees. As an independent competence provider we nurture the relationship with our clients and become experts in their business, culture and competence needs. We manage the whole recruitment process and source the consultants for our clients from the open market by posting the assignments publicly on Verama. Unbiased, we match the most suitable candidates based on competence, experience and personality fit, in relation to fair market rates. Ework make it easy for you find, sign, work and get paid on a contract. You will get support from our highly dedicated employees, all the way from the recruitment process, during the assignment and the transition into the next project. With efficient and digital processes and add-on services such as pre-payment, you will not find a more convenient way of working B2B.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
AI Act compliance professional - Automotive
Gothenburg (SE)
Telematics Service platform Incident Manager
Gothenburg (SE)
Senior ML/AI Engineer - Aurobay
Aurobay Sweden AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Basic Software Engineer
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Diagnostic SW Product Owner - Inverters
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
