Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79242
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Clay Modeller
JR-51498
Publicerad den 28 apr 2026 av
Ework Group AB
Roll
Clay Modeler
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
04 maj 2026
31 maj 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
04 maj 2026 23:59
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client, we're looking for a Clay Modeller

﻿

Description of the assignment
We are seeking a Clay Modeller to support automotive design programs through the development of high-quality physical models that translate design intent into precise three-dimensional form. The role contributes to the creation of clay models that support design reviews, program development, and key milestone evaluations. 
The position focuses on 3D physical model development and precision clay modeling for both exterior and interior design studies. It encompasses digital-to-physical workflows, including 3D scanning, armature development, CNC milling and high-quality finishing. The Clay Modeller ensures that physical models accurately represent design intent, enabling effective evaluation of proportions, surface quality, and feasibility during development stages. 
The Clay Modeller may take responsibility for leading individual clay model activities or defined phases within a program. This includes organizing and structuring modeling activities, coordinating with designers, digital modelers, and studio engineers, and ensuring work is delivered to the required quality within project timelines. 
The role requires strong craftsmanship, surface quality, and attention to detail, along with the ability to work effectively within established studio processes to support the timely delivery of design properties.

Qualifications and skills required for the role
E.g. degrees, years of experience, competencies needed
· Solid professional experience in automotive clay modelling within OEM or professional design studio environments. 
· Strong capability in exterior and interior clay modelling for both concept development and production design studies. 
· Good understanding of digital-to-physical workflows, including working with digital surface data, supporting 3D scanning activities, and CNC milling processes. 
· Experience contributing to prototype and model development, with awareness of basic integration requirements for mechanical or electrical components where relevant.
· Good understanding of automotive design development processes and the ability to collaborate effectively with design, CAS, and engineering teams. 
· High level of craftsmanship, surface awareness, and attention to detail to deliver high-quality models for design reviews and studio evaluations. 

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Digital surface data
CNC Milling
Prototype Development
Automotive clay modelling
Exterior clay modelling
3D Scanning
Interior clay modelling
Automotive design process
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Ework Group AB
Publicerat datum
28 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
HL
Hannah Larsson
hannah.larsson@eworkgroup.com
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Ework Group Sweden
Ework Group is a market-leading and independent competence provider operating in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. We are bridging the gap between competence and assignments. Through a vast portfolio of service and product solutions, we make competence accessible to companies, as well as assignments accessible to professionals, in order to contribute to a more dynamic, well-functioning and future proof competence market. Ework Group was founded in Sweden in 2000 and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. We have framework agreements with over 170 leading organizations in both the private and public sector, and over 11,000 consultants on assignment. Consultant suppliers of all sizes use Ework as a vital source of assignment on a daily basis to boost their business. From the freelancer searching for the next assignment to advance the career, to the largest consultant firms looking to complement their own customer portfolio with a steady stream of assignments for their employees. As an independent competence provider we nurture the relationship with our clients and become experts in their business, culture and competence needs. We manage the whole recruitment process and source the consultants for our clients from the open market by posting the assignments publicly on Verama. Unbiased, we match the most suitable candidates based on competence, experience and personality fit, in relation to fair market rates. Ework make it easy for you find, sign, work and get paid on a contract. You will get support from our highly dedicated employees, all the way from the recruitment process, during the assignment and the transition into the next project. With efficient and digital processes and add-on services such as pre-payment, you will not find a more convenient way of working B2B.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
Clay Modeller
Gothenburg (SE)
HR Business Partner
Gothenburg (SE)
Design Painter
Gothenburg (SE)
Interior Component Designer
Gothenburg (SE)
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
