Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79318
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
DevOps Engineer - AWS
JR-51554
Publicerad den 30 apr 2026 av
SKF Sverige AB
Roll
Devops Engineer
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
11 maj 2026
16 nov 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
06 maj 2026 10:00 (1 dag kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

For our client, we are looking for a DevOps Engineer - AWS.

Experience
· Mid/senior level.
· Minimum 7-10 years of proven experience within relevant IT roles. A minimum of 4 years' experience working as a DevOps Engineer.

Team and job description
You will join our CloudOps team and work closely with our dedicated Cloud Architect, Security Engineer, DevOps Engineers, and SysOps/Cloud Engineers. You will create and maintain cloud infrastructure by planning, improving, and enabling software solution deployments to the SKF cloud infrastructure. As one of our DevOps Engineers, you will work closely with developers to make sure that we build environments that suit the products. You will also work closely with the team to help optimize processes with scripts and enablement of infrastructure as code.

You will contribute to long-term initiatives and ongoing feature enhancements across our environment, translating standards and strategic concepts into practical implementation. You will also develop a clear understanding of improvement areas and drive their execution in alignment with our deliverables.

Key responsibilities
· Help ensure smooth operations of the team´s cloud infrastructure.
· Work closely with developers to streamline how code is built, deployed, and run in production.
· Define, create, implement, and monitor automated processes for development, testing, release/deployment, updating, and support using appropriate DevOps tools and technologies.
· Choose, implement, and support the CI/CD tools that fit the team's needs.
· Continuously improve deployment and operational processes.
· Review and troubleshoot infrastructure issues and help fix defects when needed.
· Take end-to-end ownership of delivered solutions, ensuring quality, reliability, and maintainability.

Skills and competencies
· Proven experience and clear understanding of IT operations processes.
· AWS experience is a must.
· Hands-on understanding of AWS serverless services is a plus.
· Solid experience with Kubernetes (Docker).
· Strong hands-on experience with Terraform.
· Experience with Linux-based infrastructure is a must.
· Excellent scripting skills are a must (Python / Shell).
· Experience with monitoring and logging tools is a plus.
· Basic experience with databases is a plus (MySQL / PostgreSQL)
· Hands-on experience with DevOps tools/working in a DevOps set-up, CI/CD tool sets, open-source technologies, and cloud services.
· An IT University degree is a plus.
· Ability to effectively resolve IT issues in real-world environments.
· Strong troubleshooting skills.
· AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform, or other relevant operations certifications are considered an advantage.
· Ability to proactively take responsibility and initiatives.
· High degree of drive, self-motivation, curiosity, and excellent communication skills in English.
· Team player with the ability to create an atmosphere of trust and motivation.

﻿

﻿

﻿

Please note! We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part. Read more on below link.https://knowledge.eworkgroup.com/payexpress-get-paid-within-days-not-months

﻿

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Shell Scripting
Kubernetes
Python scripting
ci/cd tools
AWS
Linux
Terraform
Meriterande färdigheter
MySQL
monitoring tools
Aws Serverless
DevOps certifications
PostgreSQL
Språk
Engelska
(Avancerad)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
SKF Sverige AB
Publicerat datum
30 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
FM
Filip Malmgren
filip.malmgren@eworkgroup.com
+46 763019495
Inköpsprocessen hanteras av Ework Group AB
SE556587870801
Ework Group AB
This request is managed by Ework Group, on behalf of the client. Applications should be sent to Ework Group by applying to this job ad only. Ework Group will handle all applications, questions about the requests and presentations of selected candidates to the client. Ework Group will be the contractual part towards both the supplier and the client and will be responsible for all correspondence regarding the contract; including terms and conditions.
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
SKF Group
What started with the invention of the self-aligning bearing in 1907 has now evolved into something much more! Our products enable rotation. Machinery, cars, airplane engines, even household products - anywhere there are parts that rotate, our solutions can be found! As the world moves swiftly into an age of digitalization, so are we. With sensorized bearings, condition monitoring, and connected factories - SKF offers exciting opportunities and challenges - whatever your area of expertise.There’s a lot we all take for granted. We’re counting on trams, subway trains and buses to take us through our cities safely and sustainably. We trust water treatment facilities to supply us with fresh water, and the food industry to safeguard us from allergens and bacteria. We expect wind farms to keep our lights on, and cars to be electric. There are a million other every day needs to satisfy – and a planet to take care of. In a world shaped by population growth, urbanization, digitalization and environmental concerns, industrial reality is the true challenge. And that’s exactly where we at SKF want to be. Right at the center, providing reliable rotation for the real world. Our expertise is built on the development, design and manufacture of bearings, seals and lubrication systems. And we also provide machine health assessment, engineering and remanufacturing services. But what we’re really offering is an arena for innovation – an opportunity for our customers to use the tools we provide to explore, improve or rethink the performance of their rotating equipment. A place where even the smallest adjustment can make a big difference. We have been around for more than a century and are 40 000 + Employees.Why choose SKF as a consultant?We offer a stimulating international work environment, where you will be a part of a diverse workforce where you get to face exciting challenges and varied tasks. You will belong to an environment where Teamwork, High Ethics, Empowerment, and Openness are our Core Values. At SKF you will work close with the business stakeholders and will deliver value by using the latest technologies and products.What do you value in consultants/looking for?Our consultants are self-motivated, have fun, with a future-thinking attitude and an action-oriented mind-set with high sense of personal accountability. You have a willingness to learn and support others to learn.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Du kanske också gillar
Senior DevOps / SRE Engineer
Gothenburg (SE)
DevOps Engineer för analysapplikationer
Svenska kraftnät
Sundbyberg (SE)
Senior Fullstack Developer -JavaScript, Python, CI/CD, React
Volvo Personvagnar Aktiebolag (Volvo Cars)
Torslanda (SE)
Senast visade
DevOps Engineer - AWS
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Senior DevOps / SRE Engineer
Gothenburg (SE)
Total Reward Expert
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Teknikstöd och applikationskonsulter Unit4
Gothenburg (SE)
Function Developer - EATS & Combustion
Aurobay Sweden AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
