Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79244
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Design Painter
JR-51499
Publicerad den 28 apr 2026 av
Ework Group AB
Roll
Design Painter
Senioritetsnivå
Expert
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
0%
Uppdragsperiod
04 maj 2026
31 maj 2026
Ansökningstiden löper ut
04 maj 2026 23:59
Uppdragsbeskrivning

FOr our client we're looking for a Design Painter

﻿

Description of the assignment
Responsible for the preparation, mixing, and development of high-quality paint finishes across concept models, prototype vehicles, and design surfaces. Works closely with designers, modellers, and Colour & Materials teams to ensure physical design models accurately represent intended colours, finishes, and visual effects, and to influence and refine design decisions through expert finish execution. This role requires advanced craftsmanship, deep technical expertise in automotive paint systems, and a strong ability to solve complex finishing challenges. It also involves setting quality standards, guiding best practice within the team, and contributing to the development of future vehicle design through high-level finish evaluation and delivery.

Qualifications and skills required for the role

* Extensive experience in paint application and surface finishing within automotive, design studio, prototype, or high-end bespoke environments, delivering premium-quality results.
* Proven ability to prepare and finish surfaces to the highest presentation standards, consistently meeting or exceeding expectations.
* Advanced experience in mixing, matching, and formulating complex colours and finishes, resolving challenging material issues.
* Experience managing paint equipment and materials, ensuring effective maintenance, quality control, and efficient use of consumables.

Nödvändiga färdigheter
Paint equipment management
Colour mixing
Paint application
Surface finishing
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Ework Group AB
Publicerat datum
28 apr 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
HL
Hannah Larsson
hannah.larsson@eworkgroup.com
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Ework Group Sweden
Ework Group is a market-leading and independent competence provider operating in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Poland. We are bridging the gap between competence and assignments. Through a vast portfolio of service and product solutions, we make competence accessible to companies, as well as assignments accessible to professionals, in order to contribute to a more dynamic, well-functioning and future proof competence market. Ework Group was founded in Sweden in 2000 and is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. We have framework agreements with over 170 leading organizations in both the private and public sector, and over 11,000 consultants on assignment. Consultant suppliers of all sizes use Ework as a vital source of assignment on a daily basis to boost their business. From the freelancer searching for the next assignment to advance the career, to the largest consultant firms looking to complement their own customer portfolio with a steady stream of assignments for their employees. As an independent competence provider we nurture the relationship with our clients and become experts in their business, culture and competence needs. We manage the whole recruitment process and source the consultants for our clients from the open market by posting the assignments publicly on Verama. Unbiased, we match the most suitable candidates based on competence, experience and personality fit, in relation to fair market rates. Ework make it easy for you find, sign, work and get paid on a contract. You will get support from our highly dedicated employees, all the way from the recruitment process, during the assignment and the transition into the next project. With efficient and digital processes and add-on services such as pre-payment, you will not find a more convenient way of working B2B.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Senast visade
Design Painter
Gothenburg (SE)
Interior Component Designer
Gothenburg (SE)
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
DevOps Engineer - AWS
SKF Sverige AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Senior DevOps / SRE Engineer
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
