Source URL: https://app.verama.com/app/job-requests/79372
Collected From: verama_browser_gothenburg
Collected At: 2026-05-04T13:11:05+00:00
Hem
Uppdragsannonser
Visa
Ework+
Tidsrapporter
Help center
Tillbaka till uppdrag
Du kan inte ansöka själv. Be din Manager att ansöka.
Senior ML/AI Engineer - Aurobay
JR-51347
Publicerad den 04 maj 2026 av
Aurobay Sweden AB
Roll
AI developer
Senioritetsnivå
Senior
Plats
Göteborg (SE)
Distansarbete
25%
Uppdragsperiod
11 maj 2026
31 maj 2027
Ansökningstiden löper ut
10 maj 2026 23:59 (6 dagar kvar)
Uppdragsbeskrivning

Our client is enhancing their data platform (Databricks) with AI capabilities and are looking for a senior ML Engineer. The person they are seeking has experience from the whole ML chain including data → feature → model → deployment → monitoring.

The person does also have experience from cost consciousness – Dev, Deploy and Run vs. business value.

﻿

Skill requirements﻿

At least 5 years of experience building and maintaining production models and AI solutions
Able to contribute to all parts of an AI solution
Azure AI stack such as Azure AI services, Microsoft Foundry etc
Strong Python skills
Proficient in ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, MLlib and Scikit-Learn 
Hands on experience in designing and operating functions in Azure and Databricks
Experienced with at least one MLOps tool (ideally MLFlow)
Strong experience in one of NLP, computer vision, timeseries, anomaly detection with some experience in the others
Experience with software engineering practices (version control, CI/CD, testing, etc.)

﻿

Nice to have:

Experience with RAG systems
Agentic systems and RPA
PySpark/Apache Spark
Event driven systems or streaming data
Experience mentoring junior ML and Data engineers

﻿

We offer continuously. That means that we sometimes remove the assignments before deadline. If you are interested we recommend that you apply immediately.

﻿

PayExpress:

We now offer a fast and smooth payment solution, so you don't have to wait through long payment periods. With us, you will receive your payment within 3-5 days after your timesheet has been approved. This benefit is included as standard in almost all our contracts with no extra work on your part.

https://knowledge.eworkgroup.com/payexpress-get-paid-within-days-not-months

Nödvändiga färdigheter
ML
Azure
Databricks
AI
Språk
Engelska
(Expert)
Få betalt snabbt och enkelt!
Oavsett kundens betalningsvillkor
Läs mer
Ytterligare detaljer
Kund
Aurobay Sweden AB
Publicerat datum
04 maj 2026
Antal jobbtitlar
1
Timmar per vecka
40
Rate type
Hourly
Kontakt Ework Group AB
NB
Nicholas Berlander
nicholas.berlander@eworkgroup.com
+46 0761041415
Inköpsprocessen hanteras av Ework Group AB
SE556587870801
Ework Group AB
This request is managed by Ework Group, on behalf of the client. Applications should be sent to Ework Group by applying to this job ad only. Ework Group will handle all applications, questions about the requests and presentations of selected candidates to the client. Ework Group will be the contractual part towards both the supplier and the client and will be responsible for all correspondence regarding the contract; including terms and conditions.
For the duration of this assignment Ework Services (0,9 %) will be deducted from the total amount invoiced.
Aurobay
Aurobay is focused on developing next-generation combustion engines and hybrid solutions – creating a portfolio of sustainable powertrains that will suit the needs of every market and infrastructure. We’re a pioneering global supplier of propulsion technology, development services and contract manufacturing with manufacturing capabilities in two continents. We create high-efficiency, low-emission hybrid engines that already power millions of vehicles. Our goal is to re-imagine motion for the future with powertrain technologies that are both sustainable and practical. Opportunities for outstanding peopleAt Aurobay, there are unlimited possibilities for collaborative people who are ready to make the difference. We’re known for being caring, collaborative people with a global mindset, a passion for innovation and a drive to create excellence. Join us on our journey. We’re looking for consultants across our business, including in engineering, research and development, digital, and business support. You might be helping us with a short-term project or filling in while we find the right permanent employee. Aurobay is a new company, but our combined Volvo-Geely heritage means we’re already a global leader full of experts who want to share their knowledge and develop new ideas with you.
Visa profil
Dela
Spara uppdrag
Plats
Terms of use© 1987–2026 HERE
Du kanske också gillar
Data Engineer (Databricks/AI integration)
Warsaw (PL)
Distansarbete
45 EUR/h
Data Engineer (Databricks, NLP model development)
Warsaw (PL)
Distansarbete
45 EUR/h
Senast visade
Senior ML/AI Engineer - Aurobay
Aurobay Sweden AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Basic Software Engineer
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Diagnostic SW Product Owner - Inverters
InfiMotion Technology Europe AB
Gothenburg (SE)
Samverkansledare för separeringsprojekt i Majorna
Gothenburg (SE)
Solution Architect
Gothenburg (SE)
Hitta uppdrag
Köpare av konsulttjänster
Konsultbolag
Om oss
Blogg
Kontakta oss / Support
Användaråtkomstavtal
Integritetspolicy
Cookiepolicy
©️ 2026 Ework Verama. Alla rättigheter förbehållna av Ework Group AB.
På Ework Groups digitala plattform Verama, kopplar vi samman konsulter med kunder som söker efter talanger. Få intressanta konsultuppdrag, samarbeta mer effektivt och ta del av smarta lösningar som ger resultat.
